hey guys what it's Earth I hope you're
all doing really well I'm going to doing
a lower body heat session with my friend
Tyra and I'm also going to do a bit of a
chat about gym intimidation and gym
anxiety it's something that I've
personally had in the past I don't know
it is so common Mike loves me as a
person
the Shema car is full of Monster Energy
ultra zero sugar done obviously coffee
is what literally I forgot to take off
throwing my work
[Music]
ah
make
[Music]
no we got
you and your girlfriend be molded em I
can tell that she warning
goodbye the way that she gone it seems
like [ __ ] news officer mission
[Music]
decision
on
your girlfriend be more finish such a
good lower body chest body session we've
tie and I know for a fact I'm going to
be an agony tomorrow I feel like I work
muscles but I didn't even know I had
I can really feel it in my glutes
especially so you guys have to try that
work out honestly absolute killer
now I'm gonna go home I've literally I
feel so good like post-workout
endorphins yes
that's such a good week literally was
enough life at earn it and I call it to
get this video I'm gonna probably try
and edit it today I'm trying to get
speed you that because I'm quite slow so
yeah and quite like Smoochum outfit
today which I always think makes a big
difference like to my training session
which is such a crazy like mental thing
Mason is away Mason's been away for like
the past week in Toronto and hate me
apart probably mention that before page
in last week actually is where pigeon
flew straight into my wintergreen
absolutely it scared me also I need to
get a proper cam my car because I'm just
balancing a tripod
I'm having to drive like the so slow up
there with some guy just cut me up and
just started swearing at me I don't know
why people get so angry
driving i people get so aggressive like
chill out life is too short to get so
angry i'm quite laid-back like i get a
bit of road rage every now and then in
traffic because traffic is a waste of
time but I just think just bang a
podcast on you know why she driving it
if you're in traffic so you're not
wasting your time it's quite relaxing
actually wearing a human you know if
you've had a bit bad day in mines
elsewhere and I don't know you were in a
red light that no definitely don't
remember that that's dangerous but
Jeremy Johnson like just chill out no
points they're not shoving your fingers
up really puts me is my strap bubble you
know it's a dad's birthday today and I
can't wait to see and I haven't seen my
dad or my brother in far too long my dad
too crazy I love him so we're gonna go
for a curry tonight which I'm excited
about
I'll actually say Indians booked out
with one of my favorite foods and
probably Thai food benefeds but it's
just full of grease and that so
definitely I try to avoid having too
many Indian takeaways I hope you
actually try listening to a podcast
they're usually free and you can learn
some like cool things I always out to be
learning and I love learning new things
and knowledge is power fast I've been
doing my own PT course because I'm
obviously like studying as well and then
it with the University like the last
thing I wanna be doing like extra hours
on my laptop so I've been listening to
Fitness podcasts and based on like my
level 2 qualification solo anatomy and
physiology and just like bein a podcast
on bus driving so it just kind of cuts
time like getting distracted and
yeah I quite like learning nightly
lettuce I definitely recommend trying
out listeners podcast so I've been going
to the gym regularly for about two and a
half years I've been going to gym at 16
but like all and I used to when I first
like the gym I would be cardio bunny I
would just hide on the treadmill keep
head down and just like do another thing
probably spend and know 20 minutes
walking sometimes or running and then go
home and be like yeah that's me done and
I used to find it really intimidating I
used to feel like everyone was looking
at me and I think it's because I wasn't
that confident what I didn't really know
what I was doing but at the end of the
day we've all got to start some of my
right like you know you've got to I
think the best way to learn is to learn
from your mistakes too so I quickly
started looking on YouTube like finding
out how to work certain body parts that
kind of thing and just picked it up from
there my first tip would be to have
music playing like prepare a good
playlist or I always go and Mixcloud I
quite like hip-hop rap music so I'll
just put like a banging playlist on or
whatever I'm feeling like that day and I
would like to pick the place that makes
me feel like a bad [ __ ] basically you
know it pumps me up and yeah it actually
scientifically proven that it increases
your willpower having a good like music
playlist whatever your forte it might be
and you know do that extra rep or
another set or whatever it's helped me
so it's time three more times and then
secondly I feel like this is the most
important part which I would only say I
have only genuine you realized this it's
kind of like linking tonight's
preventing yourself from like caring
what other people think because if you
think about it literally no one actually
cares what anyone else is doing or if
they do it is for about 10 seconds of
their day and then they just go back to
thinking about their own life like
whatever you're doing no one really
cares that much about if that makes
sense
and I'll hope you can relate to that
like I don't know if you like someone's
throwing about it that something like
look at you don't know ten seconds like
boo and then they just go back to their
own thoughts like we all have so much
going on in our lives right like day to
day you you know everyone's just in
their own zone like everyone is genuine
in the only
and if they are like pathetic and I or
you know to be so concerned about what
you're doing then unless they were you
know necessary nur or PT or like no
Libra person like they're irrelevant
though relevant that is something I've
really realized this year like that
helped me so much like I remember before
I started my youtube channel I was so I
was so calm at first I thinking I wanted
to strike for that year and the one
thing that was softened was like oh what
will people think what people if I get
hate what if I get all four messages and
now I'm just in that mindset where I
don't like they're relevant and
sometimes a lot of a lot of it is if
someone is hating on you or like has
something to say it's either jealousy or
they're probably not that happy in their
life if that makes sense because I would
never personally say anything never
saying anything nasty to anyone or if I
if I saw someone doing something really
wrong but it was like could potentially
hurt themselves that's the only time but
I would never say it in a malicious
manner of that sense but generally I
don't try and correct any wrong I quite
like oh my god I'm so sure got this far
a little bit now so yeah you get the
point no one actually cares that much
about everyone just kind of you think
right like people just don't see what
you're doing for 10 seconds or if it's a
guy checking your ass fat or something
like that it's like they're not gonna
know any that interested they'll just go
back to their workout and yeah I know
that's kind of easier said than done and
I completely get that because even like
probably what three months ago I left
the gym like once when it was really
busy and I felt like everyone was stoned
to me but that's just all in your head
like a lot of it is such a mental thing
and it's just learning how to overcome
that and obviously these ways you know
like putting on a banging playlist or
pre preparing your workout that is so
helpful like knowing going in there
knowing exactly what you're doing
thirdly I would say if you're starting
out in the gym or though you'll just be
not confident try and go with a friend
boyfriend girlfriend whatever like a
family member or something and I think
that helps so much like confidence wise
and especially if they kind of know what
they're doing
I've learnt so much that way and it
it's so much fun especially like today
because I'm put the entire training
together and that was we've got such a
similar mindset and we just had so much
fun and that probably most like one of
the most enjoyable workouts I've had in
a while so definitely do that and you've
just got that kind of like support
system whilst you in the gym and another
tip would be to maybe avoid like peak
times something you know people
generally work 9:00 to 5:00 like going
at path five six maybe avoid that time
every try go later or I like getting it
I like getting up earlier mostly when
people are in bed so I'm getting a
workout in them it's showing me not
quite at all just finding like a smaller
gym it's like the alternative check out
loads of different gyms in your area and
ass about what your busiest times I
found looking for a quiet gym or maybe
even get like a PT for a while and get
some comments get some knowledge from
them or use like an online plan and
honestly don't be afraid to when you're
in gym if you're about to workout and
you're not quite sure how to do it like
just get youtube or something I
literally just type it in what the
workout is that you want to do and you
have to do it and then try it oh my I
have learnt so so men so much from
YouTube do you know it just like if I'm
in the gym even to this day like if I
want to try something new out I'll just
google it or YouTube it the so much
online like I'm not saying you have to
you know spend a load of money on a PT
not at all I'm not saying that all but
yeah I just think it shouldn't be an
intimidating place and also another
thing I know really it's more honest the
girls can also be quite intimidating in
the gym and especially if you're I
remember when I first started the gym I
with my face has been I was tiny like I
was really slim and I just felt so
skinny and the general I was thinking or
just kept looking around thinking or not
as mostly I can't lift as heavy as her
but that is honestly so irreverent like
everyone in the gym is generally there
to improve themselves and you've just
got to completely wipe that from your
mindset change your mindset and you know
you're not gonna grow you're not going
to change if you're if you aren't in
order to grow and build it's not gonna
help you like running out of the gym
like you're not gonna get anywhere like
everyone has started somewhere and
everyone probably can relate to
who I'm mostly a girl than you or slim a
girl a chunky girl whatever you want to
call it we've all been there and
generally these days like no in my
social media and everything everyone
compares themselves so much to other
people which can be so damaging and I
think it's just so important just to
just take take out the equation and
literally I will if I'm ever feeling
action Jim which happens quite often I
will literally tell myself ahead knowing
that no one gives a [ __ ] about anything
else but themselves I'll tells us that
in the head and that's obviously health
so much it's just take us to take a step
back and go and you find a second you
know just distract yourself if you like
or something like that or go to the
bathroom
I just take a few deep breaths and just
tell yourself how [ __ ] amazing you
are you're in the gym to improve
yourself just like everyone else's and
go back out there and just get your [ __ ]
done so yeah I hope you enjoyed this
video and I hope it was of some help
because I completely I suffer from this
every now and then as well and these
just some of the things that I think
really helped me now you started
watching this video